Infinite health

This trick requires two bottles, and a telescope. Go to Grandma's and fill one bottle with Elixir. Set the bottle of Elixir to Y. Press Start + Y, then put an empty bottle in Y, where Elixir was located. You will now have two bottles all together; one bottle full of Elixir, and one bottle half filled with Elixir. Set the full Elixir back to Y. Press Y + Start, then select the telescope on Y. You will drink the Elixir, but keep a whole bottle. This can be repeated as many times as needed. Additionally, set one bottle of Soup to Y. Press Y + Start and put an empty bottle in the slot that the Soup occupied. Press Y + Start and you will have one full bottle of Soup and a half a bottle.

Alternate background music

Enter "Zelda" as a name when you begin a new game to hear slightly different background music throughout the game. Alternatively, successfully complete the game. You can hear the slightly different background music, just the same if you entered "Zelda" as your name.

Understand Hyrulian language

Successfully complete the game. This allows you to understand the ancient language of Hyrule. When you talk to the gods such as Valoo and Jabun, you will understand what they are saying.

Alternate costumes and DX camera

Successfully complete the game and save at the end. Start another game with that saved game file. Ayril will be wearing the skull shirt from the ending, Link will wear his pajamas from the beginning all the way through the game, and the DX camera that takes color pictures will be in your inventory. Additionally, successfully complete the game once to get "invisible" clothes from Grandma for Link to put on over his PJ's. Some Outsetians will say different things. Successfully complete the game the first time. When asked if you want to make another save file, answer "Yes". When you play the new game, the Pictograph Box will be in your inventory. Successfully complete the game three times on all three slots. Note:You cannot copy one game three times. After you have three completed games, restart the game in the second slot. You will be able to choose the color of Link's clothes.

Ballad Of Gales

After saving your sister at Forsaken Fortress, go to C4 or F3. When you see a cyclone go near it. A red-frog like creature named Cyclos will appear. Shoot him with your arrows until he surrenders. He will grant you the power of the cyclones to teleport you to different areas of the ocean.

Easy Joy Pendants

To get fifty Joy Pendants for Ms. Marie, who will give you the Hero's Charm, go to one of the lookout towers with Bokoblins on it. There are usually two on each platform. These towers are located on the Great Sea. You will need the Grappling Hook and the Song Of Passing for the best effect. Go onto the tower and use the Grappling Hook to steal the Bokoblins' Joy Pendants. Kill them, then play the Song Of Passing to change the time of day. When you return, fresh Bokoblins will be there and will have Joy Pendants. Continue this process until you have fifty. Also, complete the Dragon Roost dungeon, making sure to uncover the Warp Pots with green and yellow smoke coming out of them. Then, return with the Grappling Hook. Steal the Joy Pendants from both of the Bokoblins with your grappling hook and jump through the green portal. Then, jump back through the portal you just came from and get the Joy Pendants again. Repeat this as many times as needed. This is a very useful when getting the Hero's Charm and Cabana Deed.

Easy rupees

Go to island east of Outset Island (the Earth Temple one). On the beach, randomly do spinning attacks. Rupees will appear from the sand.

Grappling Hook

If you are afraid to attack a monster at close range, use your Grappling Hook.

Light Arrows

When you get Light Arrows, you can destroy any enemy that is not a Boss with one shot. Also, if you shoot it at an enemy with the Light Arrow, it will go through them and also hit any enemy directly behind it.

Sword power-up

When you have bombs, go back to where you first met Tetra. You will find a huge rock. Blow it up and go i
n. Get a fairy in the fountain and pour it on your grandmother. She will give you a Soup .It heals magic and HP and doubles your sword attack. If you run out, pick it up again at any time.

Trash in the ocean

When you lower your hook from your sailboat near a glowing mark in the water, you might pick up trash, such as a boot, instead of a treasure chest.

Free ride

You can get a free ride on the Beedle ships around the area that the ships patrol. Enter the shop, then leave, and stand still. After a short time, the ship will resume its usual sea path.

Bomb Beedle's Shop Ship

Go out and find any Shop Ship. Pull out a bomb and place it on the ship then get away from it. The blast will rock the boat and cause smoke to appear from it.

Constellations

When traveling around the Great Sea at night, stop the boat and look into the sky. You should be able to see unusually bright stars that resemble constellations such as The Big Dipper and Orion's Belt.

Pig attack

You can get attacked by pigs just as Link was attacked by the chickens in previous games in the Zelda series. Attack the pig a few times and it will turn red and attack. To make pigs angry and chase you, hit then with a boomerang, arrows, bombs, or your sword. Hit the pig(s) at least four to six times to make the sound of a slap. After that, the pig(s) will jump, flip, then flash red and begin to chase you. The small pigs take off one heart, and the giant pig on Offset Island will take four hearts.

Hyrule Field view

When in Hyrule Castle, you will see a panorama view of Hyrule Field.

Turn and fall over ice

When you are on a flat icy area, such as where you got the Iron Boots, run forward, then immediately turn around by pulling straight back on the Analog-stick. Link should fly in the air, turn face-down while in the air, and fall flat on the ice.

Healing signs

Stand in front of a slashed up or broken sign and play the Wind God's Aria. The sign will heal itself magically.

Bottomless pit

When you defeat an enemy over a bottomless pit, look down into the pit. You should be able to see what it dropped. Use the telescope if you cannot see it.

NBC theme song

Take out your Wind Waker and play the following notes on 3/3. Note: "Leave alone" indicates that the C-stick should not be moved at that part of the song. Press leave alone, Right, Left.

Legend Of Zelda: Ocarina Of Time references

In the Nintendo Gallery in Forest Haven, look somewhat to the right of the sculptor. You will see the Keaton and Goron masks, and the Bunny Hood from Legend Of Zelda: Ocarina Of Time. Also, at the room where you get the Master Sword, jump into to water and look at the stained glass windows. Six of them are pictures of sages, and one of them is a picture of Ganon in his final form. They are all references to Legend Of Zelda: Ocarina Of Time.

Defeating Desert Sand Ray

Equip the Hookshot and target the tip of the purple tentacle. Once you grab the tentacle, slice it with your sword. Get back before it closes up on you and continue to Hookshot the tentacle and attack it with your sword until it dies.

Defeating the Dragon Roost Island Boss

When the battle starts, use the Grappling Hook and grab on to the red tail that is hanging from the ceiling and swing across the Boss. It will cause a large boulder to drop on his head and stun him. Then, attack his eye with your sword to defeat him.

Defeating the Earth Temple Boss

Use your Mirror Shield to make him become more visible and lay on his back. Then, pick him up and throw him against the wall. A group of little enemies will go everywhere. Kill as many as you can until they become the big Boss again. Repeat this until you have killed all the little ghosts.

Defeating the Forest Haven Boss

You must first disconnect all of the roots from the ceiling using the boomerang. Work fast before the roots grow back. When it falls from the ceiling, quickly attack the weak center. After ten to twelve sword hits, the Boss will be defeated.

Defeating Ganondorf

When Princess Zelda shoots Ganondorf with a Light Arrow, walk up and hit him with
a few sword combos. Once Ganondorf receives enough damage, line yourself up with Princess Zelda, so that when she fires a Light Arrow towards you, Link can deflect it off the Mirror Shield and hit Ganondorf. Once Ganondorf is stunned, move in and hit him with your sword. Repeat this until he is defeated. Also, when you finally find Zelda towards the end of the game, you will have to fight Ganondorf. Use your boomerang to cut the strings that hold up Ganondorf, then use a Light Arrow to hit the blue ball at the end of his tail. After three shots, he will turn into a spider. When he climbs the top of the room, adjust your camera to see his reflection in the water. Position yourself next to the blue ball, then wait for him to fall down. When he does, shoot his tail with your Light Arrow. He will then turn into a snake. You can hit his head with your sword. This will cause him to freeze for a moment. While he is frozen, you can shoot the blue ball with your Light Arrow. He moves very fast; do not hesitate to shoot him with your arrows. Additionally, Zelda will shoot Ganondorf with your Light Arrows. Start by avoiding Ganondorf 's attacks until he gets hit by the Light Arrow. He will be stunned -- quickly hit him with your Master Sword. Repeat this until he comes up to Zelda and hits her. Start hitting Ganondorf with Parry Attacks until Zelda wakes up. She will try to hit Ganondorf with the Light Arrows, but he dodges them. Avoid Ganondorf's attacks until Zelda says something. Now, she will use the Light Arrows to hit your Mirror Shield. When you see her aiming the Light Arrow at you, hold up your Mirror Shield. Once it hits your shield, it will hit Ganondorf. When he is stunned, approach him and wait for him to try to hit you. When he does, do a Parry Attack to defeat him.

Defeating the Forsaken Fortress Boss

When it is chasing you on top of the building, it will try to hit you with its beak. The beak will get stuck on the ground. Hit it with your Skull Hammer. Repeat this until the helmet on the beak breaks. Then repeat, but instead of using the Skull Hammer use your sword.

Defeating Ganon's Tower Boss

It will have strings on it. Hit each string with your Boomerang about two times and it will fall . Then, hit its blue ball on its tail with your Light Arrow. It will go back up. Repeat this two more times. Then, it will transform. When it jumps up, quickly look at it with the reflection in the water. Locate its blue ball on its tail and go near the side it is on. It will fall down. Shoot the blue ball with the Light Arrow. Repeat this two more times, and it will transform. L-target it, and shoot it with any arrow . Then, very quickly shoot the Light Arrow at the blue ball on its tail. Repeat this two more times until it is defeated.

Defeating the God's Tower Boss

Auto lock onto the Boss' hands using your bow and fire. Then, shoot arrows at the two red eyes. When its head drops to the ground, throw a bomb into its mouth. Repeat this three times and it will fall.

Defeating Phantom Ganon

After your second encounter at Forsaken Fortress, you will have to battle Phantom Ganon. When he hurls an energy ball at you, hit it back with your sword. After defeating him, you will get a Skull Hammer.

Defeating the Wind Temple Boss

Wait for its head to stick out of the ground, then pull its tongue with the Hookshot .Hit it as much as possible. It will then go around the room . Run around the room until a hole reappears . Then, repeat this until it is defeated.

Defeating Zeetlock

After escaping the flood, use the Magic Hammer and hit Zeetlock to make him fall into the water. When it tries to perform a beak smash on you, dodge it and its beak will get stuck, making it weak. Smack it with the hammer until its helmet cracks off. Now strike Zeetlock's head with your sword to defeat it.

Dazed Medli at Dragon Roost Island

When visiting Dragon Roost Island For the first time, do everything up until you get to toss Medli to the other side of the spring. Miss throwing her and make her hit a wall. Stars will appear like when you place a h
igh bid in the auctions, and she will say "Link, I didn't know you were triplets" or something to that effect. This will not affect your adventure in any way if you toss her correctly the next time on the inclined rock facing, and the wind is blowing north.

Easy rupees at Dragon Roost Island

After you get the Bomb Pouch (which makes it easier) go to Dragon Roost Island. Go to the part of the island near the Wind Shrine and bomb the large rock there. Drop down the hole that is revealed and complete the simple puzzle of defeating enemies. Your prize for completing this is 50 rupees. However, many jars are also in there, containing another 40 rupees that regenerate every time you enter that room. In about twenty minutes, you can have about 750 rupees easily.

Refill magic at Forest Haven Island

When you are running low on magic, find one of the flowers that shoots you high into the air. Jump into it. Do not tilt the Analog-stick in any direction. Allow yourself to be thrown up and down several times and your magic will be refilled.

Pictures at Hyrule Castle

There are two pictures inside near the entrance. On the right, there is the king. On the left, there is Princess Zelda with a group of assistants who all coincidentally look like Tetra's pirates.

Infinite Knight's Crests at Ice Ring Isle

When going inside Ice Ring Isle for the first time, uncover the Iron Boots then walk past the blowing wind. You will find a hole. Go inside it. You will see a number of enemies frozen. Do not unfreeze them. Just unfreeze the Knight. After killing the Knight, he will give you a Knight's Crest. Leave the hole , then go back down. The Knight will be there, frozen again. Unfreeze him, and kill him, get another Knight's Crest, and repeat as many times as needed.

Fire and Ice Arrows at Mother And Child Island

In order to get the Ice and Fire Arrows, you will first need the bow and arrow. Next, fill up to maximum with arrows. Set sail and find a big cyclone that resembles a tornado. Sail directly into it and there will be an intermission sequence showing a giant frog on a pink cloud. He will be in the center of the cyclone. Shoot him three times with the arrows. This is difficult because your boat is moving constantly and the wind is strong enough to blow your arrows off course. After hitting him three times he will teach you a melody that allows you to control his cyclones. Call his cyclone and have it take you to Mother And Child Island. It will drop you in a fairy pool, and the Great Fairy will give you the Fire and Ice Arrows. By doing so, you will also get to travel across the sea quicker.

5,000 Rupee Pouch at Outset Island

On the very top of Outset Island, float across the gap with the Deku Leaf. Bomb the rock in front of the cave and talk to the Great Fairy. She will give you the Rupee Pouch.

Triforce Chart and Heart piece at Outset Island

You must have Power Bracelets, a Mirror Shield, and the Hookshot/Deku Leaf. If you have the Hookshot, go to where Grandma's house is located and travel to the right. Use your Hookshot on the tree in order to reach the area where the head-shaped rock is located. If you have a Deku Leaf, go on top of the bridge, change the wind direction to west, and glide down to the area. Lift the rock and enter the hole. Defeat all the enemies and enter into the next hole. Continue for about twenty minutes. You should find a chest with a Triforce Chart inside. Use your shield to reflect light on a large statue. It will crumble and reveal a hole. Enter it and defeat all the enemies, then enter the hole when the fire disappears. The levels get more difficult; bring fairies. At the last one, you will receive a Heart piece. You must complete all fifty levels in order to get the heart.

Hero's Sword at Outset Island

You must have a training session with Orca. He will not give it to you until your sister is kidnapped. It is best that you see her first.

Hurricane Spin attack at Outset Island

Go to Outset Island and give Orca ten Knight Crests and he will teach you the Super Spin Attack. To perform it, hold B,
wait until it fully charges, then release. Link will then spin rapidly for six seconds.

Heart piece at Outset Island

Talk to the old man who gave you your first sword. He will ask if you want to fight him .Choose "Yes". Hit him 500 times without getting hit 3 times and he will give you a Heart piece. If you hit him 1000 times, he will cry and call you master.

Mad Orca at Outset Island

Go to Ocra's house (the person that gave you your first sword) and hit him six times without talking to him.

Finding the Tingle Tuner (GBA) at Taura Island

When you get to Taura Island, you will find Tingle trapped in a jail cell. Set him free by smashing all the jars in the corner of the room and step on the switch. After a discussion, Tingle will give you the map to Tingle Island and the Tingle Tuner. You can now use your Game Boy Advance to communicate with Tingle.

Purchasing the Sail at Windfall Island

While on Windfall Island, you will meet an Eskimo named Zunari. He will offer you an item named "That" for 80 rupees. Buy "That" to find out it is the Sail. The Sail is required to use the King of Red Lions.

Enemy HP Scanner at Windfall Island
dddddd
After you have completed the hide 'n' seek game on Windfall Island, you will be able to give Ms. Marie (the teacher) Joy Pendants. Give her 41 pendants and you will receive the Enemy HP Scanner. This allows you to see enemies' hit points.

Cabana Deed at Windfall Island

Speak to the schoolteacher, Ms. Marie. She will tell you a story about the boys that do not want to attend her class. Speak to the four boys outside (a.k.a. the Killer Bees). Agree to play their game of hide 'n' seek. After catching all of them, they will give you a Heart Piece. After you play their game, talk to the schoolteacher. She will tell you of her obsession with jewelry. Give her twenty Joy Pendants and she will give you her Cabana Deed.

Heart piece at Windfall Island

When you have the fire arrows, go to Windfall Island and find the sort of long stairs that will guide you to a switch that turns on the windmill. Go in the night and try to turn on the big light on the top by using the little "cars". When turned it on, a chest will appear on a little island nearby. It contains a piece of Heart. Reach it with a Deku Leaf. Then, talk with the man near the windmill, and he will be happy and give you a piece of Heart.

Magic Shield from Zunari

Get Flower One from Zunari on Windfall Island after defeating God's Tower. Bring it to the Goron Trader on Mother and Child Island (2,F) and he will give you Flower Two. Bring Flower Two to the Goron Trader on Great Fish Isle (2,D) and he will give you Flower Three. Bring Flower Three to Zunari and you will receive the Magic Shield. This allows you to cut damage taken in half, but also takes Magic Energy.

Bottle locations

Medli will give you your first bottle before entering the Dragon Roost Cavern.

After defeating Dragon Roost Cavern, go to section E6 and find a submarine. Defeat all the monsters inside to claim your prize.

When you get a letter from Beedle about a sale, go to section C2. Look for his ship. He will sell you a bottle for 500 rupees. You can also buy a heart piece and map there.

Go to Windfall Island at night. Talk to the girl next to Zunari's shop. She will tell you to go away. Do so and she will start to run. Follow her at a safe distance. When she stops, find somewhere to hide. At the end of her run, she will try to open a chest. Creep up on her. If done correctly, she will ask you some questions. Answer them all with the first choice.z

Giant Squid locations

There are six Giant Squid hidden throughout the ocean. You can see where they are by looking for seagulls flying in a circle over the water. When you sail your boat in the correct spot, a Giant Squid will appear. To defeat the squid, lock onto the eyes with the boomerang. The following is a list of Giant Squids and their rewards:

Four Eyed Squid: (4,A) Great Fairy: 2x Magic MeterEight Eyed Squid: (1,B) 100 RupeesEight Eyed Squid: (5,C) 100 RupeesEight Eyed Squid: (6,E) 100 RupeesTwelve Eyed Squid:
(3,E) Heart ContainerTwelve Eyed Squid: (6,G) Heart Container

Submarine locations

There are a total of seven submarines located in the sea. The following is a list of all seven and what you receive for completing them:

Submarine 1: (3,A) Treasure Map 14Submarine 2: (7,A) Heart ContainerSubmarine 3: (6,C) BottleSubmarine 4: (4,D) Heart ContainerSubmarine 5: (7,F) Red Map, Watch Tower LocationsSubmarine 6: (3,G) Treasure Map 22Submarine 7: (5,G) Treasure Map 9

Triforce Map locations

Map 1: E2. There is an island protected by some bomb ships. Take them down and go inside the entrance. Play the Wind Song on the Wind Mark to get the treasure map with Map 1.

Map 2: E5 .First, you need to get the camera from the Tingle Cell Maze. After that, talk to the teacher at Taura island. After that, go outside and talk to the kids. They will challenge you to a game of hide and seek. The first kid is in a tree near the dock; roll to get him. The second kid is behind the bomb shop. The third kid is behind the gravestone. The fourth kid is on the balcony near the gate from where you first started. After that, you will get a piece of Heart. Talk to the teacher to get 50 rupees. Talk to the kids again and they will tell you to find a hidden Happiness Necklace for their teacher. The necklace is near the Bomb Shop. Once you are dowe with that, give the necklace and twenty more to get her deed. Go to E5 and enter the house. Smother the flames by using the Grappling Hook on the ceiling. Go through the maze and you will find the Wind Mark at the end. Play the song to get the map.

Map 3: E7-. Knockout the birds and change to a seagull with a seed. Hit all the switches, and the bars over the door will open. Drop down for the Wind Mark and the chest.

Map 4: Various. First, go to Diamond Island. Go inside and complete the maze to get the pirate map. Look at the map to see how many times the moon needs to change to get to Diamond Island. Play the Sun Song and wait on Diamond Island for the boat. After it appears, go inside with the boat and defeat all the enemies to get the chest with the map in it.

Map 5: E1. Defeat the golden bomber ship to get the treasure map. Follow it to the location to get another one. Do this again, then one more time for the Triforce map.

Map 6: G2. Go onto the rock at the top where the beginning of the bridge is located. Fly over to the lone stone on the far cliff and lift it up to find a hole. You must defeat thirty floors of enemies. Every ten floors there are recovery and ammunition items. The last floor has the Wind Mark and map.

Map 7: E3. Lift up the rock to find a hole. Drop in to fall into an arena. Defeat all four doors filled with enemies to get two knights to appear. Defeat them to get the door with the Wind Mark.

Map 8: A7. Hookshot from tree to tree to get to the hole. Repeat the same steps as for Map 7, except this time there are four knights.

To decode the maps, go to C3 and pay Tingle 398 rupees.

Wind Waker songs

There are six songs that you must learn in the game. Note: "Leave alone" indicates that the C-stick should not be moved at that part of the song.

Wind's Requiem

Rhythm: 3-time.Notes: Up, Left, Right.Location: Dragon Roost Island, near the shrine in the back of the island. Take out the Wind Waker to learn the song.Effect: This song lets you change the direction of the wind.

Ballad of Gales

Rhythm: 4-time.Notes: Down, Right, Left, Up.Location: Somewhere in the sea is a red frog that will teach this song to you. Look for a very large whirlwind. Shoot him with arrows to get him to teach you the song.Effect: Lets you warp from one island to another. This only works if you are in your boat.

Command Melody

Rhythm: 4-time.Notes: Left, leave alone, Right, leave alone.Location: Inside the Tower of the Gods.Effect: Allows you to take control of some people and objects.

Earth God's Lyric

Rhythm: 6-time.Notes: Down, Down, leave alone, Right, Left, leave alone.Location: Stone tablet on Headstone Island.Effect: Grants you access to the Earth Temple.

Wind God's Aria

Rhythm: 6-time.Notes: Up,
Up, Down, Right, Left, Right.Location: Stone tablet on Headstone Island.Effect: Grants you access to the Wind Temple.

Song of Passing

Rhythm: 3-time.Notes: Right, Left, Down.Location: On Windfall Island, from a Tott on a hill.Effect: Lets you change the time of day.

Read more: http://www.cheatcc.com/gc/loztww.html#ixzz5067Ap4VQ 
Under Creative Commons License: Attribution Non-Commercial No Derivatives